Learn human a Olenda being I'm about your mate in this video I'm going to present those services so
those services are different from those topics in the previous videos we have seen how to create topics
and how to work with topics and topics a actually effective way of communication between two different
notes and it involves one note that works as a publisher.
And another note that works as a subscriber and the publisher keeps sending every new information and
every new data to the subscriber.
This is how it works for the topics where there are services.
It is another communication paradigm that involves a server and a client.
So lets see how it works.
So as we mentioned we are a service we have two entities that are server.
Its the No that is going to provide the service and are plain.
It's not going to consume the service and its different from the topic in the sense that the service
is one time communication.
It means the client sends a request and then the server will send the response and then the communication
will be closed.
If the client would like to have additional information from the server it needs to send another request.
So only when communication happens for every connection between the client and the server.
And this is not like with topic's because with topic's the publisher keeps sending information to the
subscriber whenever there is any update the publisher that keeps sending to the subscriber which is
going to continue to consume the data received from the publisher.
However we are services the client will send the request and then the server will just sent back a response
and then the communication would be close.
There are different scenarios where the services are more effective than those topics.
And basically we need services when we want to request a specific action to be performed by the Robert.
Imagine for example youd like to do planning from a point A to Point B.
So in this case if we sent a request to the planner and the planner should be implemented as a service.
So the plan that is going to receive a point A to Point B and we have information about the map and
then is going to make the appropriate computations in order to find the path.
And finally sense back to the client.
So this is an example where we need a rail service and we dont need a topic because we all need to have
one path that is also spawning a rabbit in the simulator like it is the case with the sim and you can
see an example right now.
So to quickly understand the concept lets do this very simple example.
I'm going to start crosscourt and then I'm going to start turtles you know.
So now as you can see we have only one person in the simulator we can display the list of all services
available for these men so we can see not using the command or service list.
We are able to find all of the services related to the node to see one of the services is called Spolin
phone.
It means the application.
And this allows to create an additional Thurtell into the simulator.
But before doing that.
So we want to understand what the structure of the cell phone what does is expect as arguments because
when the plane sends a request to the server it's going to send that request with some arguments and
then the shuttle is going to send back a response.
So the request you're going to send to the server is to duplicate the turtle in the simulator so we
can use the command rule service info and then the name of the service for.
So you can see that here the service is provided by vnode turtles so we can find those.
No dice.
OK.
And here we have crossed up.
It's either on second or third this is the No.
So these turtles you know it provides a service that is called Spahn and this is the you or I where
the service is located.
The port number and the type of the server.
So this is the type of the message to the Sims phone because see the message format here.
And then the arguments for the client when it's sensitive quest it must send the x y coordinates.
It means what it will be located here in the simulation environment.
So from here we have zero zero point.
And these flunkeys fly like.
And then the orientation and then the we can also check the tire of the surface.
This is the diver here.
See spoiled so we can use the command Ross as RV for a service info full see him.
And here we can find the structure of the message.
And as I rule explain the service consist of a request sent by the client and a response sent by the
server.
So we can see that the format of the service is composed of two different parts the upper part here
that contains Ex-White that name are the same as the arguments.
And these are the arguments that the flying troops on request and the second part.
It represents the response of the server.
And here we can see that the server is going just to retire the need of the robot that is created.
So let's try to apply this here to create a new system in the simulator.
We're going to use our service call and then we're going to call the name of the service.
So obviously sort of a series called spawn and now we will provide the arguments of that inquest Ex-White
that that name so that could be 1 7 7.
So remember it is Fontanes 5 5 7 7 should be somewhere here.
And then this is the orientation I would put one eighty can zero.
OK.
And finally the name I'm going to get to.
So you can see now we have created a new in the simulator.
And the position 7 7 we can do for another one.
For example I want to create a that's a file name.
I'm going to eat the city and let me make it 90 degrees of orientation.
Now that is going to create some thing must have Ok so you can see you know this is how the service
requests and the response works so you can see the response now is just the name.
OK the name.
This is the format of the response.
So in the next video you're going to understand how we can implement a service.
Now in this demonstration I'm showing how to use a service that already exists but you also demonstrate
how to implement and read and use service.
And what are the different steps.
So at this point in time you just need to understand that the service has two different parts the client
and the server and the exchange of message.
So one message is sent by the client and the response message is sent by the service back to the client.